webserver/README.md, before:

# FLASK APP
This folder holds the Flask app that serves the API backend for the Federated Node.

## Structure
Contains 2 folders:
- `app` holds the actual python code and the `Pipfile`s for setting up environment and dependencies
- `build` holds files involved to build/serve the app through a Docker container
- `migrations` is an auto-generated folder from `alembic` which helps in keeping track of the database migrations, and offer a rollback functionality in case is needed.
- `tests` holds unit test files

## Dev Setup
```sh
sudo apt-get install -y python3.12 python3.12-venv python3.12-dev
python3.12 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install pipenv
```

### pipenv
The first use packages need to be installed:
`pipenv install --categories 'packages local-dev'`

then you can either run a single command -> `pipenv run ...`

or spawn a new console with the virtualenv -> `pipenv shell`

Check for dependencies upgrades -> `pipenv update --dry-run`

Check for dependencies vulnerabilities locally -> `pipenv check`

Add new package -> `pipenv install --categories <packages|local-dev|tests> package`

If pipenv returns a lock version error, run `pipenv update` (doesn't actively update dependencies versions) to bring [Pipfile.lock](./Pipfile.lock) on par with [Pipfile](./Pipfile)

### Tools
pylint should guarantee a minimum threshold of code quality/standards. It can be run with `make pylint`

### Run (dev mode)
```sh
make run
```

If you need to fetch the random generated secret for keycloak:
```sh
kubectl get secrets -n keycloak kc-secrets -o jsonpath='{.data}' | jq
```

### Tests (dev mode)
```sh
make run_tests
# Once the container bash is available
python -m unittest
```

Commit message:

FN-1-task: Added non-root run to the dockerfile and its deployment. Renamed some methods in task class. Now rather than only check if the image exists in any ACR, it will return the image prefixed with the registry url so k8s can pull the image appropriately

webserver/README.md, after:

# FLASK APP
This folder holds the Flask app that serves the API backend for the Federated Node.

## Structure
Contains 2 folders:
- `app` holds the actual python code and the `Pipfile`s for setting up environment and dependencies
- `build` holds files involved to build/serve the app through a Docker container
- `migrations` is an auto-generated folder from `alembic` which helps in keeping track of the database migrations, and offer a rollback functionality in case is needed.
- `tests` holds unit test files

## Dev Setup
```sh
sudo apt-get install -y python3.12 python3.12-venv python3.12-dev
python3.12 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install pipenv
```

### pipenv
The first use packages need to be installed:
`pipenv install --categories 'packages local-dev'`

then you can either run a single command -> `pipenv run ...`

or spawn a new console with the virtualenv -> `pipenv shell`

Check for dependencies upgrades -> `pipenv update --dry-run`

Check for dependencies vulnerabilities locally -> `pipenv check`

Add new package -> `pipenv install --categories <packages|local-dev|tests> package`

If pipenv returns a lock version error, run `pipenv update` (doesn't actively update dependencies versions) to bring [Pipfile.lock](./Pipfile.lock) on par with [Pipfile](./Pipfile)

### Tools
pylint should guarantee a minimum threshold of code quality/standards. It can be run with `make pylint`

### Run (dev mode)
```sh
make run
```

If you need to fetch the random generated secret for keycloak:
```sh
kubectl get secrets -n keycloak kc-secrets -o jsonpath='{.data}' | jq
```
#### Microk8s
If you are using microk8s, to send an image to the cluster:
```sh
docker tag ghcr.io/aridhia/federated_node_run:0.0.1-dev federated_node_run:0.0.1-dev
docker savefederated_node_run:0.0.1-dev > fndev.tar
microk8s ctr image import fndev.tar
```
#### minikube
If you are developing with minikube:
```sh
minikube load image ghcr.io/aridhia/federated_node_run:0.0.1-dev
#or
eval $(minikube docker-env)
make build_docker
```
Alternatively, minikube has a variety of method to achieve this. See https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/handbook/pushing/


### Tests (dev mode)
```sh
make run_tests
# Once the container bash is available
python -m unittest
```
